my Apple computers is having a good week
they reported earnings yesterday they
had more than 37 billion dollars in
revenue last quarter they heard the
dollar 28 per share which is very good
and they're rumored to be working on
some exciting new products it's believed
that Apple is soon gonna begin
production on to larger versions of the
iPhone which is good because that's a I
hate how well my iPhone fits in my
pocket right now I wish it jutted I
really do
the current iPhone has a four inch
screen and they think that the new
iPhones will have four point seven and
5.5 inch screens and the larger screens
are great because it will allow you to
be about thirty percent more likely to
be hit by a cab while looking at your
phone it's actually a brilliant plan you
because they make the bigger phones and
then in two years they will release the
iPhone Mini which is the size of the
phones we have now and we'll wait in
line for like three days for it because
that's how we are in the fall there
Apple's expected to debut what people
are calling a SmartWatch which they say
will revolutionize the way we slowly and
loudly repeat ourselves into electronic
devices they filed for a patent it
indicates the device might be called the
I time but nobody knows what it's gonna
be called or what it will do it again
this is a product that does not exist
yet so we thought we'd have some fun
with it we went out onto Hollywood
Boulevard today we showed people a
device that we claimed was the new Apple
watch what it really is is Casio watch
that cost us $20 and we stuck an Apple
logo on the back of it but do people
love Apple products so much that they
will look beyond that let's find out so
we're here with the latest from Apple
it's the eye time SmartWatch would you
like to take a look awesome
what's awesome about this watch looks a
lot like something that's affordable
it's lightweight do you like that it
tells you the date as well as the time
yes
that's a neat feature actually feel like
that it displays time as well as date I
do indeed and it's very light and it's
kind of like old school but it's still
in style you know it's still classic
Apple style right
that's nice rubber wrist band I'd you
liked the big numbers easy to see it
displays not only the hour but the
minute and the second you can also just
look at it and know what day of the week
it is right for this impressive to you
yeah it's it's I would wear it are you
excited that it's always in airplane
mode always in airplane mode
oh that's good that's good definitely
save on some battery it has an alarm on
the alarm you need wake up so it also
has a countdown and it's why it has a
stopwatch its water-resistant are you
impressed by those features I'm pretty
impressed those are the things I would
ask for in a watch do you like the fact
that it's water-resistant that it has a
backlight it has a timer um I just like
that it has an apple and signe on the
back
I mean it's if it's Apple he's good
right if it's Apple it's good why don't
you tell me about what you like about
this watch really because it's Apple you
know Apple was a brand name that I love
and I have the computer and I have the
phone and I have the iPad so because
it's Apple that would be what would
impress me so you'd buy anything I would
pretty much buy anything from Apple even
a Casio watch with a sticker on the back
we never got the locks back either hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know there are
things other than pornography on the
Internet watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel
Live YouTube channel which much like
your own body I encourage you to explore